[TWILIGHT]
These past few nights,
Yor's been coming
home rather late.
We don't pry into each
other's personal lives,
so I'm not quite sure
what she's been up to.
[BOND groans]
Papa, can we eat dinner now?
[TWILIGHT]
We will after Yor gets home.
Hey, Bond, use your power to
tell me what we're eating.
[door opens]
Sorry, I got a little held up.
[TWILIGHT] A late arrival
with that grim expression.
And several cuts on her hands.
Welcome home, Mama!
[YOR] Aw, thanks for
the warm reception, Anya.
So glad you're here.
Should we start dinner?
[YOR] Um, I'm not particularly
hungry right now,
but you two should
eat something.
[TWILIGHT]
Oh. Okay.
What's going on with her?
[ANYA gasps]
[ANYA]
Mama's gonna cry? But why?
[YOR]
If I fail this time...
[YOR] ...I might lose
those two forever.
[WORKER B]
Good work today.
[WORKER A]
Yeah, you, too.
[CAMILLA]
See you later.
[MILLIE] Hey, Camilla.
Wanna grab a drink?
Uh.
Nah, not tonight.
[SHARON] Wait, I thought you
had a hot date, Millie.
[MILLIE]
He canceled at the last minute.
[EMPLOYEE A]
Thank you!
Okay, we're doing this.
Wait a sec.
Are those the tomatoes?!
They got crushed!
What is the matter with you?
[YOR screams]
[DOMINIC]
Back at it?
Guess you can't keep
a good woman down, huh?
Still trying, thanks.
Oh, don't act all innocent!
She's here because
of your big mouth!
[CAMILLA] Oh, yeah?
You wanna learn how to cook?
Things are getting bad.
I made my husband breakfast
the other morning
and he ended up stuck
in the bathroom all day!
Wow, that is bad.
I'm scared this'll
cost me my family!
[YOR]
And then I'd lose my cover!
If any of you would
be able to teach me,
I'd really appreciate it!
Uh, sorry, the housekeeper
makes all our meals.
Just take a class.
If you wanna work a can
opener, I can teach ya!
[DOMINIC] Hey, ladies,
what are you talkin' about?
Yeah? She's a whiz
in the kitchen!
Shut up!
Oh? Please help me out, Camilla!
What? No. Why would
I wanna do that?
Hey, don't be such a sourpuss.
So the first lesson'll
be at her place.
Shut up!
[DOMINIC chuckles]
Last time was rough,
but I'm ready.
Teach me all your ways.
This is a nightmare.
Maybe it's your attitude.
Listen up, buster!
You'll be the one tasting
all her crap, so zip it!
Oh, ya know,
I actually invited someone
over to help with that.
[doorbell rings]
[CAMILLA]
Hm?
What's up, Yor? I'm here!
[YOR]
Yuri!
[YURI] I heard you'd be cooking
dinner here tonight.
Well...
[CAMILLA]
That's her little brother, huh.
He comes off kinda
different in person.
Thanks for having
me over, Camilla!
I really appreciate
all you do for Yor.
[CAMILLA]
Uh-huh.
[YURI] Are you guys
havin' a little party
or somethin' like that?
Oh. It's a cooking class?
Please don't mention it
to Loid and Anya.
I'm trying to get
better in secret.
[YURI] She's doing all
this for stupid Loidy?!
Ugh. Do I even wanna help?
For tonight's menu,
I thought we might try
making minestrone.
[CAMILLA]
Seriously?
I told you not to get all
this stuff we don't need.
I mean, do you think
that's in the recipe?
[YOR] They say variety
is the spice of life,
so won't this make it better?
[CAMILLA sighs]
Okay, let's start by
peeling the potatoes.
Right!
[CAMILLA] How could anybody
be this bad at prep-work?
There's blood everywhere!
Ah! This weapon is almost
impossible to wield!
It's not a weapon, you dope!
Hey, Sis, I brought
some bandages.
I'm handy with a knife, though!
You don't have to cut
it paper-thin,
just do it like a
normal person, okay?
Look at those knife skills!
[CAMILLA] What the--?
You're acting like a lunatic!
You sliced up my
favorite cutting board!
I'm so sorry! I'll buy you
another one, I swear!
[YURI]
Amazing as always!
[CAMILLA] Like, really, what is
the matter with you anyway?!
And why would anyone
marry you? Get outta here!
I'm sorry.
[YURI] Who does she think she
is, treating Yor like that?
I should make her disappear.
[CAMILLA] You know, I'm
afraid this is a lost cause.
Might as well give up, divorce
that hunk, and move out.
[YOR]
I can't do that.
[YURI]
Yeah, that's a great idea.
You should definitely
leave him A-S-A-P.
I'm begging you, Camilla!
Because if Loid divorces me,
then I'll... I'll be...
[YOR] ...picked up
by the Secret Police.
Just get your ingredients
simmering already.
Then I'll teach you how to
properly season everything.
The sooner we get this meal
done, the sooner you can leave.
See, there's a soft
side under there.
Once you get past
the prickly bits.
[YOR] Honestly, I always
thought she was pretty great.
Hey!
[YOR]
Okay, here we go!
My first dish is ready!
You're up.
Make sure it's not pois--I mean,
make sure it's delicious!
Yeah? Sounds good to me!
[YURI chuckles]
Down the hatch! Aah.
Whoa!
This is amazing! It tastes
just like my childhood!
You've always been
such a great cook!
[CAMILLA] Uh. If it's good,
then why are you throwing up?
[YOR gasps]
[CAMILLA groaning]
How could you've screwed
it up this badly?
Did you even listen
to a word I said?
[YOR]
I don't know. I'm so sorry!
Hey, Sis. I'm ready for seconds!
Guess you weren't at
the minestrone level yet.
Let's try an easier dish,
like meatballs or something.
Yeah, okay!
[YURI]
This is incredible!
It's so good, I'm turning blue
and breaking out
into a cold sweat.
Like, every bite is making
my life flash before my eyes!
Wait, I think I see mom
calling me to come join her!
She must be hungry!
[DOMINIC]
Stop before it's too late!
[CAMILLA]
Oh, yeah.
She told me the two
of them lost their parents
when they were young.
I suppose it makes sense that
your palate is such a mess
if you only had this walking
train wreck eating your food.
Train wreck?
[YOR] I just wanted to make sure
he got all the right nutrients
that a growing boy needs.
[DOMINIC] Wow. I'm so glad
you survived, buddy.
[CAMILLA]
Here's an idea.
Can you remember any
dish in particular
your mom made that
was really good?
We could try that.
Yuri, can you think
of something?
[YURI]
Something Mom made?
Huh. I kinda remember her
making some type of stew
that was really good, right?
Very warm and filling.
[YOR] Yeah! And she'd always
put a fried egg on top!
'Kay, we should give
that a whirl.
So see if you can
recall the flavor.
It probably uses a simple
southern stew base.
Whoa!
Once it comes to a boil,
turn off the heat and
throw in some paprika.
Right!
Be careful not to burn it.
And don't go overboard
with the salt and pepper.
I'll do my best.
[CAMILLA] You know, something
is different about you lately.
I mean, like, you
don't have that blank,
robotic look on
your face so much.
[YOR]
Uh... Oh, yeah?
Well, maybe it's
because I'm married.
[CAMILLA]
What?
So now you're trying
to brag about it?
Honestly, I think you just
changed your makeup.
[YOR] Oh, I'm sorry! I wasn't
trying to be boastful!
Aw, come on.
You know that you're
a total catch, babe.
So don't feel bad.
Hey!
I gotta say, this one
actually smells kinda good.
I think you nailed it.
Nice work.
Wow, it's not awful.
[gasps]
It's really good!
But it feels like there
may be something missing.
[CAMILLA]
Hmm...
So where is your family
from originally?
We're from Eastern
Nielsberg, mostly.
[CAMILLA]
Hmm.
Seems like people in that
region might add sour cream,
so why don't we throw
a little bit in there.
[BOTH gasp]
[CAMILLA sighs]
That was exhausting.
Now what?
Oh. Just admiring
the view, cutie.
[gasps]
[CAMILLA]
Shut up.
[TWILIGHT]
Wait.
Now.
[TWILIGHT] Naturally or not,
he's an intelligent creature.
We'll start training him
to be a guard dog soon.
[stomach growls]
Papa, I think my tummy's
gonna eat itself.
I'm so hungry.
[TWILIGHT]
I'll bet.
I'm so sorry.
I'm home late again.
[TWILIGHT]
We're glad you're back.
Hm? What've you got?
Well, about that...
Listen up, everyone!
Tonight, I'm making dinner!
[BOTH gasp]
[TWILIGHT] You've been
learning how to cook?
[YOR]
Sorry for hiding it from you.
[TWILIGHT]
I see now.
Uh. This is southern stew?
[YOR] Yeah. My mom used
to make it for us.
[YOR]
Here ya go!
Slight issue frying
the egg, but voila!
I hope you like it!
[TWILIGHT]
Doesn't smell deadly.
[ANYA]
This is my last meal.
--It's really good!
--It's yummy!
[gasps]
[ANYA]
I actually like it!
[TWILIGHT]
Yes, it's quite comforting.
Uh. Yor, is there
something wrong?
[YOR]
I'm sorry.
It's silly, but when
I saw your faces,
I just felt so relieved.
[YOR] I thought the only
reason to have this family
was so I could keep doing
my assassination jobs.
I never dreamed that
having them around
and seeing their smiles,
that those simple things
would make me so happy.
I'm starting to feel a little
more confident now--
both as Loid Forger's
wife and Anya's mom!
It makes me so happy
to hear that.
You know what?
I did make another dish
that you might enjoy!
But this one's a
Yor Forger original!
[ANYA]
Gimme! Gimme!
[YOR gasps]
[TWILIGHT] So what's this
meeting about? Something urgent?
I've fallen in love with a girl.
[TWILIGHT]
Okay. Best of luck. See ya.
Wait a sec!
Don't just walk away!
[TWILIGHT]
Why?
You looking for dating
tips or something?
[FRANKY] Come on, you're kind
of a pro with the ladies, right?
[TWILIGHT] It takes time
and effort. Goodbye.
[FRANKY]
Don't be such a jerk, man!
I could always sell your info
to the Secret Police, ya know?
[FRANKY] I'm just messin'
with you, really!
Hey, I 've got an idea!
You said you wanted
me to make you
a new miniature recording
device, didn't you?
You do me this li'l favor
and it'll be all yours!
Deal?
[FRANKY]
Her name's Monica McBride.
She works at a cigar club
over on Fifth Street.
She's 25 years old, and her
birthday is on September 20,
blood type is O.
She's 162 centimeters tall,
and weighs 46 kilograms.
Currently living with her
mother and younger sister.
She's a bit of a film buff
and her favorite movie
is Ber-Ber-Berlint.
Nickname's Moppea and--
You're a stalker.
Hey, now!
Don't try to pretend you're not
a fan of thorough research!
But I do it for work.
You idiot!
When a man falls madly in love,
we make it our mission
to know every last detail
about what makes our
soul mate who they are!
Well, if you've been able to
learn this much about her,
surely you can figure
the rest without issue.
[FRANKY]
Don't be like that, man!
You intelligence people have
whole separate departments
for gathering, assessing,
and analyzing data!
My expertise runs out
after gathering!
[TWILIGHT] That some
kind of weird brag?
Come on, I'm serious!
I've been sucking on these
disgusting cigars every day
just so I get the
chance to see her!
I'm a scruffy boy
who needs guidance!
So please help me!
[TWILIGHT sighs]
Guess I could analyze
your potential date
and help you come
up with a plan.
Thank you so much,
Master Twilight, sir!
You're the best!
[TWILIGHT]
Just shut up and let me think.
Okay, here you go.
Based on the information
you've given me,
I came up with a conversational
flowchart for you.
Really?
[TWILIGHT] Starting here,
of course, with question one.
Asking about her favorite food
will lead down a certain path.
[FRANKY]
Hmm.
[TWILIGHT] The path should have
her most likely responses,
ranked from A to D.
[FRANKY]
Mm-hmm.
[TWILIGHT]
Then I added the best response
you can give to each choice,
and here you can see her
most probable responses,
listed as A though D again,
and then we have
what your corresponding
response should be.
[FRANKY grunts]
[TWILIGHT] All you have to do
is memorize this chart,
go with the flow,
choose the best answers,
and the whole thing should be--
Oh, is that all?
You're kidding, I can't do that!
Besides memorizing tens
of thousands of answers,
how the hell am I supposed to
pick the "best" ones anyway?
I need a foolproof plan!
[TWILIGHT] If that existed,
I wouldn't have a job.
Uh... I could disguise myself
and feed you instructions.
[FRANKY] And let you snoop
on our conversation?
Well then, you're just
going to have to practice
with me instead.
[FRANKY]
Really? I don't know.
I mean, you're so not my type.
I'm kidding! Please help me!
[inaudible]
'Kay! I think I might
have a real shot at this.
I'm going in tomorrow,
armed with the tools of
strategic conversation
and my sight set
on Monica's heart!
Hope you won't be the
only one I'm debriefing.
I do not need that mental image.
[TWILIGHT] He already reeks
with the stench of failure.
Welcome in, sir.
Franky, fancy seeing
you here again today.
Uh. Oh, I, uh, look
forward to, uh--
Look at, uh... Forwarding.
[ANYA]
♪ Going on an ooting today! ♪
Let's go to the playground
with the bobstacle course!
That does sound like fun.
[TWILIGHT]
Hm?
Uh! Scruffy-head!
[FRANKY]
Huh? It's the Forgers.
[ANYA] I'm gonna do
a bobstacle course!
Yeah? That sounds like fun.
[TWILIGHT]
I thought you were...
Oh, the whole date thing, huh?
Well, I asked her out in
the most charming way,
but she had to run home
because she forgot
to turn off her gas.
She said she'd go to a movie
with me someday, though.
I'd call that a win.
And since I've got
all this free time,
I guess I'll grab a drink.
Don't console me!
[FRANKY] I can't believe it!
Am I really that hideous?
She could've at least
gone on one date with me!
She didn't have to
shoot me down like that!
Pardon, sir.
The hell do you want?
Huh? You got a problem?
Just pour me another beer!
The cheapest one you've got!
And to top it all off,
now I gotta make Twilight
that stupid thing for free.
I've got no girl and no money.
[BARKEEP A] Macallan 18 year,
on the rocks, sir.
[FRANKY] Huh? Does this look
like a cheap beer to you?
I'm flat broke, gramps!
It's courtesy of the
gentleman over there.
Huh?
Oh, hey, what do ya know?
I felt like having a
little drink myself.
Twi-- Uh, Loid.
[FRANKY] So what happened
with the obstacle course?
[TWILIGHT] Yor and Anya are
having mother daughter time.
[FRANKY] I get it. You just
came to laugh at me, right?
Have you forgotten
about your own advice?
Keep your emotions out of it,
and be careful not
to get too attached.
Even if you did go out with her,
there probably won't
be a happy ending.
[FRANKY] Tch. That's rich from
a guy with a wife and kid.
[TWILIGHT]
They're part of my mission.
[FRANKY]
Damn it!
Well, my mission's to
get drunk on your dime!
[TWILIGHT]
Heh. I'll join you.
[inaudible]